doc: added rbd default features (#24720)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/rbd-config-ref.rst

:Type: 64-bit Integer
:Required: No
:Default: ``50 MiB``

RBD Default Features

> =====================

Reviewer: Nit: still looks one character too long

> ========================

Reviewer: Nit: the underlining should match in length to its text

Author: Sure i'll modify it.

> RBD supports these features which can be specified via the command line when creating images or the default features can be specified via Ceph config file via 'rbd_default_features = <sum of feature numeric values>' or 'rbd_default_features = <comma-delimited list of CLI feature names>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBD supports advanced features which can be specified via the command line when creating images or the default features can be specified via Ceph config file via 'rbd_default_features = <sum of feature numeric values>' or 'rbd_default_features = <comma-delimited list of CLI values>'
```

``Layering``

:Description: Layering enables you to use cloning.

> :Config numeric value: 1

Reviewer: I'm not familiar enough w/ rst, but for some reason the value is getting moved down to the next line [1]

[1] http://docs.ceph.com/ceph-prs/24720/rbd/rbd-config-ref/#rbd-default-features

Author: I'll search if this can be resolved.

Author: Can we shorten this 'Config numeric value' keyword , its long as compared to the other ones . I think that's why the doc is not getting rendered properly.

Reviewer: Sure -- perhaps try ```Internal value```?
